feat: release broadcasts resource as stable (#135)
magicbell-io/magicbell-js: .changeset/sweet-rocks-call.md

---
'magicbell': minor
---

> Release [broadcasts resource](https://github.com/magicbell-io/magicbell-js/tree/main/packages/magicbell#broadcasts) as stable. This includes the following apis:

Author: ```suggestion
Release [broadcasts resource](https://www.magicbell.com/docs/rest-api/reference#list-notification-broadcasts) as stable. This includes the following apis:
```
